✨🐳 add minimal phpsu docker image (#142)
phpsu/phpsu: docs/Docker.md

# Docker usage with phpsu

You can use phpsu's Docker image if you like.

## Advantages, or why should I use the Docker image:

- you don't need to use composer it is all bundled within the Docker image

## Limitations, or why shouldn't I use the Docker image?:

- you should understand docker networking
- your local composer autoloading is not working as phpsu is installed globally inside the container.
- if needed: you need to add all your necessary environment variables to the container

## Basic Usage

The Image has phpsu and all it's dependencies installed.
There's just a few things you need to get started:

> - your ssh key needs to be inside the container.  

Author: ```suggestion
- if needed: your ssh key needs to be inside the container.  
```

# Docker usage with phpsu

You can use phpsu's Docker image if you like.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> With the Docker image, you have some advantages, but also some limitations.

Reviewer: i dont think this sentence is really needed

## Advantages, or why should I use the Docker image:

- you don't need to use composer it is all bundled within the Docker image

## Limitations, or why shouldn't I use the Docker image?:

> - you should understand something about dockers networking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you should understand something about docker networking
```
that's more of a "without s it sounds a little better" thing, both are correct

Reviewer: and i think i would remove "something about"

> - you local composer autoloading is not working, as phpsu is installed globally inside the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- your local composer autoloading is not working as phpsu is installed globally inside the container.
```

> - if needed: you need to give the container all your necessary Environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if needed: you need to add all necessary environment variables to the container
```

## Basic Usage

> The Image has phpsu and all it's necessary dependencies installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Image has phpsu and all it's dependencies installed.
```

There's just a few things you need to get started:

> - your ssh key needs to be inside the container.  

Reviewer: that's not exactly a requirement since you could use it with just passwords from the config (in some cases a ssh-key is not possible)

Reviewer: for a database sync i dont need an ssh connection, if the port is public e.g.
And there is a workaround (not included [yet]) in this package to do ssh with password instead of ssh-key

>   It should lie in the directory `/root/.ssh/` we recommend to use a Docker volume like this:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It should be in the directory `/root/.ssh/`, we recommend to use the volume like this:  
```

  ``-v ~/.ssh/:/root/.ssh/``
- your `phpsu-config.php`needs to be inside the container  

>   It should lie in the directory `/app/` we recommend to use a Docker volume like this:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It should be in the directory `/app/`, we recommend to use the volume like this:  
```

  ``-v $(pwd):/app/``
  

> So the basic command to use phpsu's Docker image looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic command to use phpsu's docker image looks like this:
```

``docker run --rm -it -v ~/.ssh/:/root/.ssh/ -v $(pwd):/app/ phpsu/phpsu:1.1.0 phpsu ssh production``

> if you like you can use an Alias like this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use this command very often, we recommend to setup an alias like this one:
```
